BipCoin is the first cryptocurrency covered by The BipCot NoGov license.
This allows use and re-use by anyone except governments and government agents. 

Unlike the GPL and other copyright-based licenses, the BipCot NoGov license uses
no government guns on violators, only shame.

BipCoin is built with love by the Beastlick Internet Policy Commission Outreach
Team. BipCoin is based on CryptoNote code, which solves the main three problems
of Bitcoin.

BipCoin 	  https://bipcoin.org
BipCot 	    http://bipcot.org
CryptoNote 	https://cryptonote.org

=-=-=-=-=-
LICENSE 

BipCot NoGov Software License (www.bipcot.org), version 1.11 / No warranty of
usability of BipCoin software.

This original computer code and resulting program was made by Beastlick Internet
Policy Commission Outreach Team, 2016. All rights to make fun of you reserved.
https://bipcoin.org

(Adapted from CryptoNote code, covered by permissive MIT license.
https://cryptonote.org )

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions and adaptations of source code or program must retain the
entirety of this license, including retaining attribution of the license holder
of the software.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the entirety of this license.

3. Neither the name of the license holder nor the names of its contributors may
be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. Furthermore, no attempt will be made to
impersonate the person or entity whose software is being used or modified.

4. Governments, and agents and subcontractors of same, are not permitted to use
this software or derivations of this software.

5. If governments, agents and subcontractors of same use this software, or
derivations of this software, all agencies and persons directly and knowingly
involved may be shamed in public, by name, on the Internet, on radio, and in any
media now extant or invented in the future, throughout the known universe and
elsewhere, in perpetuity. Governments, agents and subcontractors of same that
use this software, or derivations of this software, agree to endure this
shaming, without comment or action.

6. Any person or entity that violates any part of this agreement will also be
shamed as above, and agrees to endure this shaming, without comment or action.

7. The BipCot NoGov Software License adopts the first 3 clauses of the 3-Clause
BSD license (Berkeley Software Distribution license) and adopts the BSD "as is"
text at the end. The 3-Clause BSD license is in the Public Domain. However,
there is no partnership or endorsement created or implied between the creators
or users of The BipCot NoGov Software License and the creators or users of the
BSD license, or vise versa.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE LICENSE HOLDER AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE LICENSE HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
